Stardust docs (#1629)
gohornet/hornet: documentation/docs/references/peering.md

## Finding Neighbors

You can join the official IOTA Discord server and the `#nodesharing` channel.
There, you will be able to describe your node location (Europe, Asia, etc.), with your allocated high watermark resources and ask for neighbors.

:::note

Do not publicly disclose your node `multiaddr` to all readers but wait for an individual direct chat.

:::

You can add peers using the HORNET [dashboard](../how_tos/using_docker.md#starting-hornet).
To do so, go to *Peers* and click on *Add Peer*. You can also add peers on the `peering.json` file.

This is `peering.json` example, with `ip4`, `ip6` and `dns` peers:

```json
{
  "peers": [
    {
      "alias": "Node1",
      "multiAddress": "/ip4/192.0.2.0/tcp/15600/p2p/12D3KooWCKWcTWevORKa2KEBputEGASvEBuDfRDSbe8t1DWugUmL"
    },
    {
      "alias": "Node2",
      "multiAddress": "/ip6/2001:db8:3333:4444:5555:6666:7777:8888/tcp/16600/p2p/12D3KooWJDqHjhd8us8XdbKy1Adp5nV6XoI7XhjZbPWAfbAbkLbH"
    },
    {
      "alias": "Node3",
      "multiAddress": "/dns/example.com/tcp/15600/p2p/12D3KooWN7F4eRAYbavnasME8WGXwkrpzWWoZSXfNSEpudmWi9YP"
    }
  ]
}
```

## Autopeering

> HORNET also supports automatically finding peers through the _autopeering_ module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HORNET also supports automatic discovery of peers through the _autopeering_ module.
```
